feat(curriculum): EN-B1 quiz for block 2 (#65956)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/en-b1-quiz-past-experiences/6960415647143b144f20b94d.md

#### --text--

What is the correct question form of this sentence: `We found the document we needed`?

#### --distractors--

`Found we the document we needed?`

---

`Did we found the document we needed?`

---

`Do we find the document we needed?`

#### --answer--

`Did we find the document we needed?`

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which sentence suggests being trapped or unable to progress?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which sentence correctly uses "stuck" to describe being unable to progress on a task?
```
